Forwarded Message 

InteractionID : 21959498
From : shanaz shaikhshanaz_shaikh786@yahoo.co.in
To :"headcreditcards@icicibank.com"headcreditcards@icicibank.com

Subject : Regarding my fraud transaction ony credit card
Msg Content: External Email Warning: Do not click on any attachment or links/URL in this email unless sender is reliable.



Mr.S.Roy,
I have done many complaints through call and mail but there was no proper investigation.I have already given a request on 9/04/2020 timing was 4.50pm. and I had blocked my credit card .there was 2 fraud transaction has done 1 was of rs 10000 and the other was 2000 rs on Flipkart. I already call immediately to customer care and I blocked my card then also you are saying that it has been done with 3D secure the opt  has been received even I no that. But the importance thing is I had not given them OTP I am not mad to give them OTP the person how had done this he had called me at around 4.00pm saying that I am calling form paytm to update the kyc otherwise your paytm will get block.he told me do download Quick support app then do it by yourself.and I was flowing his instructions after that he told me to pay 1 rs from any of the card so I done with my icici credit card.after that he was continuously with me on phone at 4.30 pm I saw that 10000 is been deducted I told him I have given the bad word also but he told me it might be done by mistake it will get reversed then after 4.38 again 2000 is done so I thought it is something going wrong then immediately I called icici credit card department.Then also you are saying that you had verify and you didn't see anything wrong so what investigation you have done.Since 15 yrs I am using this icici credit card 1 time in my life this fraud has been done.Please do proper investigation no 1 us mad to give there OTP I was not knowing about Quick support app please see what best you can do for me.
I hope you will investigate properly and give me the result positive.I am your old customer but I hope you understand in this situation I would have never told you but I can't go anywhere that's why I am mailing continuously. Every month I pay my credit card bill on time why I will do in this situation all this stupid thing.Please I hope you got my point.Thank you,Shanaz Hasham Habib.


Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android

User message 

InteractionID : 21959498
From : Head Service Quality (headcreditcards@icicibank.com)
To :shanaz shaikhshanaz_shaikh786@yahoo.co.in
Subject : RE:'ICICICARE=021-959-498'
Msg Content: Dear Customer,

Greetings from ICICI Bank.

We write with reference to your query regarding Credit Card Account.

We wish to inform you that your query has been registered vide SR677642504

We shall update you with the status by April 28, 2020.

Looking forward to your co-operation in helping us serve you better.

Sincerely,
Office Of Head Service Quality



