User message 

InteractionID : 21959593
From : Head Service Quality (headagribanking@icicibank.com)
To :Ronak Sharmaronak.sharma@lgmindia.com
Subject : RE:'ICICICARE=021-959-593'.
Msg Content: Dear Mr. Sharma,
We write with reference to your e-mail regarding your ICICI Bank Credit Card 4375 XXXX XXXX 1005.

At the outset, we sincerely regret the inconvenience caused to you.

We are arranging letter to your communication address and we shall call you on April 25, 2020.

We look forward to your co-operation in helping us serve you better.


In case you need any further clarification/assistance, please feel free to write to us at headservicequality@icicibank.com.

Sincerely,

Pramod Singare
Office of Head Service Quality

NEVER SHARE your OTP, CVV, URN, User ID, password with anyone, even if the caller claims to be from ICICI Bank, Bank employees will never ask you for these details. Please safeguard these account details as sharing it can lead to unauthorised access to your account.

CONFIDENTIALITY INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMER 
This e-mail message may contain confidential, proprietary or legally privileged information. It should not be accessed by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have erroneously received this message, please delete it immediately and notify the sender. You will appreciate that e-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as its contents are susceptible to loss, damage, interception, destruction, etc. Before opening any attachments please check them for viruses and defects. The notice appended to the e-mails is not intended to prejudice the interests of our customers in any manner or to evade responsibility for any act done with the endorsement of ICICI Bank.



Forwarded Message 

InteractionID : 21959593
From : Ronak Sharmaronak.sharma@lgmindia.com
To :customercare@icicisecurities.comcustomercare@icicisecurities.comcomplianceofficer@icicisecurities.comcomplianceofficer@icicisecurities.comheadservicequality@icicibank.comheadservicequality@icicibank.com

Subject : RE: Complaint about credit card charges.
Msg Content: External Email Warning: Do not click on any attachment or links/URL in this email unless sender is reliable.



Good Evening Sir/Madam

I am waiting for your positive reply on my below trail mail. 

Regards,

Ronak Sharma

9824601114/7202876918

From: Ronak Sharma <ronak.sharma@lgmindia.com> 
Sent: 12 April 2020 11:58
To: 'customercare@icicisecurities.com' <customercare@icicisecurities.com>;
'complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com'
<complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com>
Cc: ronaknjoy@yahoomail.com; ronaknjoy1241@gmail.com
Subject: Complaint about credit card charges.

 

Hello Sir/Madam,

My name is Ronak Sharma and I am credit card holder of your bank since four
years. My credit card number is 4375 5146 4669 1005

I have an issue about credit card charges and that' why I am writing this
mail to you.  

My issue is that , I have not done any transaction last 3-4 month, and I
have received messages about payment and it is increasing month on month.
Also I have not received any courier, only received msgs. I don't understand
that which transaction payment is to be paid. Please note, I will not pay
any payment without any clarity. 

Further, my credit card is already blocked by your bank due to validity is
over. 

Few days ago, I have received new credit card from your bank without my
permission / approval . please note now I am not interested to take any new
credit card of your bank. So I will not use it and  I will not pay any
monthly fix charges for the same. Please blocked it OR take it back ASAP. 

I had called many time in your customer care numbers, but there is no pick
up the phone. May be due to covid-19 holidays. 

I hope you understand my pain and give response me ASAP.

 

Your customer,

Ronak Sharma

9824601114

 


Information contained and transmitted by this E-MAIL is proprietary to 'La Gajjar Machineries Pvt. Ltd.' and is intended for use only by the individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information that is privileged, confidential
or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If this is a forwarded message, the content of this E-MAIL may not have been send with the authority of the Company. If you are not indented recipient, an agent of the intended recipient or a person
responsible for delivering the information to the named recipient, you are notified that the any use, distribution,
transmission, printing, coping or dissemination of this information in any way or in any manner is strictly prohibited.
If you have received his communication in error, please delete this mail & notify us immediately at mail.support@lgmindia.com


