Forwarded Message 

InteractionID : 27747800
From : Sarvam DesaiSarvam.Desai@adani.com
To :"grouplife@iciciprulife.com"grouplife@iciciprulife.com"lifeline@iciciprulife.com"lifeline@iciciprulife.com"senior.management@icicibank.com"senior.management@icicibank.com"gro@iciciprulife.com"gro@iciciprulife.com"smgro@iciciprulife.com"smgro@iciciprulife.com
Subject : REMINDER: POLICY WITHDRAWAL - Policy No. 19576163
Msg Content: External Email Warning: Do not click on any attachment or links/URL in this email unless sender is reliable.



Dear Team,

I have been continuously trying to communicate through email but there seems to be no bandwidth available with your team to revert/ guide on this matter.

All the payment trenches, I have paid before time and this is very disappointing to realize that there is no support available for the Same customer.

May pl revert otherwise I shall be forced to escalate the matter.


Thanks,
Sarvam Desai
8238497449/ 9099900956

From: sarvam desai <civil.sarvam@gmail.com>
Sent: Friday, December 31, 2021 3:38 PM
To: Sarvam Desai <Sarvam.Desai@adani.com>
Cc: grouplife@iciciprulife.com; lifeline@iciciprulife.com; senior.management@icicibank.com
Subject: Re: POLICY WITHDRAWAL - Policy No. 19576163

*CAUTION: This mail has originated from outside Adani. Please exercise caution with links and attachments.*

Gentle reminder

Kindly update on the process.

Thanks,
Sarvam Desai

On Mon, 13 Dec 2021 at 12:42 PM, Sarvam Desai <Sarvam.Desai@adani.com<mailto:Sarvam.Desai@adani.com>> wrote:
Dear Sir/ Mam,

I am writing this letter to understand the process to withdraw the collected funds with bonus which has got matured on 21st Nov 21.

I had obtained ICICI PRU Cash Advantage policy (Policy No. 19576163) from 21 Nov 2015. The lock in period is 7 years which has ended and I need to encash the funds due to personal reasons.

I would like to know the exact amount that I am liable to receive, and process to initiate the withdrawal.

Looking forward to your guidance to proceed further.

Thanks,
Sarvam Desai
Adani Group

Note: Snapshot of policy has been attached.

Regd Mobile no: 9879607031
Regd Email: civil.sarvam@gmail.com<mailto:civil.sarvam@gmail.com>

[cid:image001.png@01D803D8.57359BE0]

DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this electronic message and any other attachment to this message are intended solely for the addressee and may contain information that is confidential, privileged and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby formally notified that any use, copying or distribution of this e-mail, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. Please immediately notify the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this e-mail and any attachments from your system. Any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.

WARNING: Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Adani Group accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email.
--
Regards,
Sarvam Desai


DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this electronic message and any other attachment to this message are intended solely for the addressee and may contain information that is confidential, privileged and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby formally notified that any use, copying or distribution of this e-mail, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. Please immediately notify the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this e-mail and any attachments from your system. Any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company.

WARNING: Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Adani Group accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email.


User message 

InteractionID : 27747800
From : Senior Management Escalations (senior.management@icicibank.com)
To :Sarvam DesaiSarvam.Desai@adani.com
Subject : RE:'ICICICARE=027-747-800' REMINDER: POLICY WITHDRAWAL - Policy No. 19576163
Msg Content: Dear Customer,
 
We refer to your e-mail addressed to ICICI Bank.
 
As you have made a complaint related to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, we are coordinating with our ICICI Prudential teams to seek a resolution to your grievance.

We are arranging for our official from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance to revert to your concern.

For any further assistance, you may write to us at senior.management@icicibank.com

We thank you for your patience and co-operation.


Sincerely, 
Senior Management Desk



